C API: mention the workgroup, and the need to be stricter than our public promises (#1524)
python/devguide: developer-workflow/c-api.rst

Each tier has different stability and maintenance requirements to consider
when you add or change definitions in it.

The public backwards compatibility guarantees for public C API are explained
in the user documentation, ``Doc/c-api/stable.rst`` (:ref:`python:stable`).

> C language compatibility guarantees are is in ``Doc/c-api/intro.rst``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C language compatibility guarantees are in ``Doc/c-api/intro.rst``
```

(:ref:`python:api-intro`).

Internally, we need to be more careful about compatibility than what we promise

> publicly. See :ref:`public-capi` for details.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this paragraph. What do you mean by "internally"? The internal C API?

Reviewer 3: Perhaps "Within the core development group" is a better phrase than "internally"?

> Internally, we need to be more careful about compatibility than what we promise
> publicly. See :ref:`public-capi` for details.

Author: Would this work?
```suggestion
As core developers, we need to be more careful about compatibility than what
we promise publicly. See :ref:`public-capi` for details.
```
